
# To-do list

## Tasks that will enable me to declare version 1.0.0

 * Ask others to check over this package and give bug feedback.
 * When testing complete, run ReleaseTools to generate the first release.

## Extending this package's power

Here are some features that it would be nice to support.  In each case,
assume that one has the GAP data for the objects in question, and wants
a convenience function to call that will illustrate the data in the
nicest way.

Bug fix

 * Get all recently added options (element, orbit, normalizer, elements)
   also working in the codomain of a homomorphism.

Somewhat easy extension of existing features:

 * Support organizing by subgroups in multiplication tables.
   This will require computing an order of the elements that places
   that subgroup first, then its cosets in order thereafter, then
   defers to the `elements` field of the table's JSON.
 * Support organizing by subgroups in Cayley graphs.
   This requires choosing an order of generators such that the first
   one or few generate the subgroup and the rest generate the rest,
   then constructing a strategies matrix from it, and passing it to the
   `strategies` field of the diagram's JSON (after having passed the
   elements themselves through `GPEX_SubsetIndices`).
 * Show quotient operation in multiplication tables as follows:
    * Organize by the normal subgroup using earlier methods.
    * Set a desirable `separation` value in the table's JSON.
 * Show quotient operation in Cayley graphs as follows:
    * Organize by the normal subgroup using earlier methods.
    * Set the correct `chunkIndex` in the diagram's JSON.

New convenience functions with some computation in them:

 * Show all groups of a given order (which refuses if the number is
   above a certain threshold, unless you pass `force:=true`)
 * Show non-abelian-ness in multiplication tables as follows:
    * Find some $a,b$ such that $ab\neq ba$.
    * Highlight just the element $ab$ in the table; this will make
      the table's asymmetry obvious.
 * Show non-abelian-ness in Cayley graphs as follows:
    * Find two generators $a,b$ such that $ab\neq ba$.
    * Ensure you organize by the subgroup generated by $a,b$ using
      earlier methods.
    * Ensure the arrows include $a,b$ and whatever other generators
      were needed to build the diagram.
    * Highlight $a$ and $ab$ in red (to show the path $e\to a\to ab$)
      and $b$ and $ba$ in blue (to show the path $e\to b\to ba$),
      while highlighting $e$ in purple (to show it's on both paths).
      Don't highlight anything else.
 * Illustrate automorphisms of a group.  This may be useful:
   https://www.gap-system.org/Manuals/doc/ref/chap40.html#X791D12B7845610CE
   Consider a function `ExploreAutomorphismGroup` that takes any $G$ and
   calls `ExploreGroup` on your behalf, passing the automorphism group of
   $G$, having named its elements somewhat readably, if possible.
 * Galois group of a polynomial, with elements named for permutations
   of the polynomial's roots.  This may be useful:
   https://www.gap-system.org/Manuals/doc/ref/chap66.html#X7AB9A6257ED694EC
 * Show Cayley's Theorem by an embedding of $G$ into $Perm(|G|)$
   or an isomorphism between $G$ and $H<Perm(|G|)$ if $|G|>5$.
 * Show a direct product with names that are ordered pairs and where,
   if the visualizer is an MT/CD, it is organized by one of the factors
 * Same as previous, but for semidirect products
 * Show the embedding of either factor into either kind of product

Larger pieces of work:

 * Roots of a polynomial plotted in the complex plane, with generators
   of the Galois group drawn as permutations of them, using the same
   colors that will appear in a full Cayley diagram, for comparison
 * Group of symmetries of a set of points in $R^3$
   (For each pair of distinct points, compute the rotation that moves
   one to the other and ask if it permutes the set.  From those that do,
   create a group.)
